hello everybody saw a starcraft here
bringing you another commentary this is
going to be a three-on-three on a dreary
can or a koran citadel i still don't
know which comes first the art or the K
but this is actually my second time
recording it the first time i finished
it up and I felt good about it and then
I realized I wasn't recording so it is
always a terrible feeling it feels like
getting like an RPG character deleted
like a WoW character it's kind of like
that only not as severe but we've got a
three-on-three here it is sigh toss
briar toss Irish toss against genova
toss way genova yeah genova to Genova
toss t-shirt aaron and jetzt also five
toss players and one Terran player and
already you can see there is some
trickery going on we've got one two
three early probes moving out and they
have one as well and looks like they
have to sew all five toss players are
going for some cheese this game and this
is why I'm casting the game so before we
get too into this I just want to say I
am the worst Rick roller in the world I
uploaded that video right before I went
to bed and I didn't even think about the
thumbnail so you guys have every right
to make fun of me because that was bad I
guess so that's the reason I don't
rickroll people is because I'll just
screw it up but I did fix his thumbnail
and hopefully I'll be able to get some
people with it and that's only if they
don't watch this video first because
they'll then don't know what to expect
but I actually saw a youtube video of
someone Rick posting the rickroll on
YouTube and so that's where I got the
idea from so it wasn't an original idea
I did take it from someone else and show
it to you guys so I don't claim credit
for that but enough of that let's look
at this game I'm getting a pylon in
cannoning the right side iris is
cannoning the center and a briar who
looks like he's coming into some trouble
here is cannoning the left side genova
pulling off a lot of his probes and
looking to attack that pylon Breyer is
putting up another pile and trying to
put up a cannon but getting blocked by
those probes I am spotted to buy an SUV
and a probe but I am putting down a
cannon and genova is cannoning our left
side and this guy I thought was
cannoning our right side here but he's
actually doing a proxy with some zealots
so interesting play here genova not
getting really
any money at all only 60 minerals and
he's only got a couple guys mining but
Breyer is doing pretty well considering
all these forces attacking him and I
might have to sneeze here in a second
nope it went away to remind no money
that's what he's saying and he does take
out one cannon but this other one is
about to complete and he is just running
his probe around that is hilarious these
two girls are gonna die not able to get
away so a somewhat successful cannon
here and i am leapfrogging ahead i have
two cannons who you're protecting my
pylon and i'm going to leapfrog ahead
using this up howard pyle on using this
pylon from the top and we have some
zealots coming out from jets and we can
i don't know if we can see this yeah we
can't see this cannon so i don't know if
we're going to be able to stop this on
Iris's end here but we've got five
cannons going to help a 5k in Game two
cannons being produced and we're just
going to inch our way forward take out
the teal base inches way up kill the red
player and hopefully will kill the
Terran player as well although it's a
lot harder because Marines have that
range he should probably send a couple
marines to each of their bases just to
stop any further leapfrogging looks like
he's getting a cybernetics core okay
Irish dude spot this he kills that
cannon and it looks like he'll be fine
judge ANOVA just sitting there with the
probe but if you look at our tech all we
really have is cannons and forges and
briar actually went for a forge at the
proxy which I don't agree with I think
it's a lot safer to have your Forge here
it doesn't slow down the cannon at all
but I guess if you're going to use it
for blocking purposes it'd be good but
here he didn't so small mistake right
there but looks like he is going to be
able to take out this cannon two cannons
morphing against his one cannon and this
second cannon from Genova will not be
here in time there too Down Goes that
cannon gonna focus this next one and he
actually genova should be attacking this
can and not this one so no contest here
Breyer is going to kill his player and I
am leapfrogging up on my player two cans
completing I think he actually sent a
couple marines at me and shoot away a
little bit but iris is actually cutting
off the reinforcements to this base here
are the two Marines
and it's going to be too late to save
the teal player as well meanwhile jets
is moving down with his elet's Breyer
has no defenses at all I told him guys
get some cannons in your base he's going
to try a proxy and briar didn't get any
cannons so he's going to feel the wrath
of these zealots who are not happy
because their base is dying so all of
his probes are going to go down I don't
think he even noticed this he's too busy
building cannons yeah look at that he's
building cannons there is a bunker here
but cannons can out range Marines in a
bunker by one so if he places that
perfectly he can outshoot that bunker
and take it out but unfortunately his
base is dead here I have pinched my way
up to attacking the Nexus and iris has
as well I believe he can reach this
mansion or this orbital command so we
killed all three of their bases where
we're going to with this cannon attack
and it's going to be very interesting to
see what happens from here that Nexus is
down now he's going to move on to my
base but i have three cannons and a lot
of probes and this will be just what i
need to take out these zealots first l
going down looks like he's focusing the
pylon big mistake he can even see this
pile on up here so he's going to try to
kill both the pylons before just killing
the cannons not a good idea a 2 to 3
ratio on the pylons of cannons you want
to just kill the cannons in every
situation unless the pylons are like
extremely exposed but Irish is now
attacking that over orbital command
Nexus has gone down here and I'm
actually going to take an expansion
right here where he was just for fun
because I just like to have fun in three
on three games those zealots have been
defeated and it looks like he is
spending the rest of his money on
building some zealots because he has
been destroyed completely here so has
breyer resent him we're going to be
sending him about 400 minerals to build
a nexus up and look at that perfect
range just in range of those marines in
that bunker but they can't quite shoot
back at the cannon so that is perfect
placement right there any further back
you wouldn't be able to shoot it any
further ahead he would be attacked by
those marines but the blue player has
tech two tags which is what he needed to
do to try to stop any more damage from
this tank attack but it looks like you
might lose his orbital command he needs
that sees research there he goes lifting
it off will that be destroyed no looks
like he's sending up his scvs to do some
repairs on that so
nice clutch repair right there only 100
health left meanwhile genova has put
down his nexus in between the two sets
of rocks that is quite hilarious he
didn't want to waste time killing the
rocks because probes just do not do
enough damage to it so he's content with
putting it right there kind of funny you
never really see that whole bunch of
cannons from iris not really going to be
doing too much you don't really need to
leap frogs I mean you just need to
leapfrog you don't need to stack them so
much like that even I got a little bit
too many notice how I kind of have a
leap leap leap I probably only need like
one for each of those just because they
didn't really have any forces and
especially with only one Terran you need
a lot of Marines to kill a cannon so
yeah I probably didn't need to waste
that much money on those cannons even
these cannons that's quite a bit too so
we're very heavy on the cannons and
because we have these defenses well
might as well put down Nexus at their
base which is what i'm doing a nexus
without a rally point from the probe so
that is process right there now I'm
putting up my Gateway just now getting
my to gas I have some enormous
saturation right there looks like that
probe is oh that probe is uh I like with
these zealots he looks like he pumped
out a couple more before he died but not
too much going on right now that tank is
just going to be inching his way up and
trying to kill these and at this point
we were like okay guys we need to get
cannons and probes and win the game with
only cannons and probes so that's what
we're going to try to do and what I'm
doing these three probes is I am
preparing to assault this siege tank
he's distracted by the cannon going in
oh he actually takes out one of my pros
because there are so many marines but i
am able to get one of them back didn't
do any damage to that tank but i trust
me there will be a little bit of a
little bit more pro play pro play that's